feat: custom cache en-US version doc (#99)
vercel/swr-site: pages/advanced/cache.en-US.md

import Callout from 'nextra-theme-docs/callout'

# Custom Cache

> <Callout emoji="⚠️" background="bg-yellow-200 dark:text-gray-800">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout emoji={<span style={{fontFamily: '"Apple Color Emoji", "Segoe UI Emoji", "Segoe UI Symbol"'}}>⚠️</span>}>
```

The `⚠️` emoji doesn't seem to display correctly, I'll have to upgrade Nextra. 😢
Let's try this work around for now.

Author: TIL about the emoji support 🤔 💭

>   This feature is only available in `swr@beta` yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is still a beta feature. Please install `swr@beta` to try it out.
```

For instance if the provider is a Map instance, you'll be able to access the used keys through provider by using `Map.prototype.keys()`.

<Callout emoji="🚨" background="bg-red-200 dark:text-gray-800">
  You shouldn't write to cache, instead always use mutate to keep the state and cache consistent.
</Callout>

## Manipulate Cache

The usage of mutate is similar with usage described in `Mutation` section. For instance, if you want to revalidate keys.

```jsx
const { cache, mutate } = createCache(new Map());

export default function App() {
  return (
    <SWRConfig value={{ cache }}>
      <div className="App">
        <Section />
        <button onClick={() => mutate("A")}>revalidate A</button>
        <button onClick={() => mutate("B")}>revalidate B</button>
      </div>
    </SWRConfig>
  );
}
```

### Example

With the flexibilities of those atomic APIs, you can compose them with your custom logic, such as scheduling partial mutations.
In the below example, `partialMutate` can receive a glob pattern string as key, and be used to mutate the ones who matched this pattern.

```js

> function regexMutate(key, data, shouldRevalidate = true) {

Reviewer 2: Is this a typo?
```suggestion
function partialMutate(key, data, shouldRevalidate = true) {
```

Reviewer 2: This has been fixed. Thank you!

> function regexMutate(key, data, shouldRevalidate = true) {
>   const keys = [];
>   if (key instanceof RegExp) {
>     for (const k of provider.keys()) {
>       if (key.test(k)) {
>         keys.push(k);
>       }
>     }
>   } else {
>     keys.push(key);
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function partialMutate(matcher, data, shouldRevalidate = true) {
  const keys = [];
  if (matcher instanceof RegExp) {
    // `provider` is your cache implementation, for example a `Map()`
    for (const k of provider.keys()) {
      if (matcher.test(k)) {
        keys.push(k);
      }
    }
  } else {
    keys.push(matcher);
  }
```
